I can't hold them off, Rick! There's too many!
Richard, your fortress is a salty waste of coral and clam, relinquish it at once!
Submit your continental cuts!
Got a better idea.
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit!
Happy?
Of course I'm happy. Acting like you won, but this is exactly what I wanted.
I am Mr. Nimmus!
Whatever. Come on, Morty.
Man, that was intense.
Yeah, it worked, buddy. Sorry I had to blow up your bunker.
Not so fast, Sanchez.
It is I.
I'm not a big fan of you.
What the fuck? I'm not engaging this guy.
That's hardly up to you, Rick.
I'm sorry, do you control things that people agree are cookies?
Yes.
Okay, but cookies aren't a substance. They're more of a name we give to...
Do the things I control.
Do you control cookie ingredients? Because that sounds dangerous.
Everything has sugar in it.
Fight me and find...
Jesus, Rick!
I'm sorry, Morty. I know you're going to say that.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Jesus, Rick!
I'm sorry, Morty. I know you're going to say that it's punching down,
but I can't fight another one of these 90s-style goofball supervillains.
I'm not the fucking tick. I'm exhausted.
Okay, but if you really have a lot of these guys gunning for you,
maybe you should look into what you're doing to...
Oh, don't start that crap, Morty.
I don't do anything for these dipshits to seek me out.
I am Mr. Calypso.
Face me, you ugly drunk...
ugly piece of shit.
Okay, I might look into it.
I'm sorry.
Why don't you have a seat?
Because this isn't a therapy session.
I'm just asking you what people in your racket say about handling this particular situation.
First, we'd want you to define the situation.
I'm a walking target for a never-ending sea of angry nerds
that think getting in a fight with me is some kind of, I don't know, platform.
I mean, look at this guy.
He shows up and calls me an ugly drunk,
because of course that's the angle of attack that's going to undo me, right?
You don't shoot Batman in his fucking Batman logo.
And you think locking this man in a chamber and milking him of cosmic fluid will somehow resolve this?
I think it's the best I can do to profit from a situation and maybe set an example.
But you set this example many times, and it's not changing your situation.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, now you're going to tell me to ignore them, but guess what? They want that too.
And why would they want to be ignored?
You really believe if I let a guy like this do whatever he wants, he gets bored and vanishes?
Rick, would you be interested in proving me wrong?
Yes.
Well, show me data. Ignore them for a week and see what happens.
Oh, you're on, bitch.
Is that man dead?
Is everything in here confidential?
Everything but murder.
Then he's fine.
I mean, I think it's pretty big, you know?
Big step for the big cheese.
Yeah, dad, I'm impressed.
Can we not make it a big deal?
It's worth celebrating, Rick.
You accepted the concept of therapy without turning yourself into a pickle or a housefly.
Jerry, for fuck's sake, that was a regular fly in her office that day.
What the hell?
Hey, how about a little piss?
Rick, why is there a man shooting piss on our front lawn?
I'm sure he'll tell you.
I am piss master.
Here to flush the toilet, that is, Rick's son channel.
He's spraying my lavender bush.
My bees need that lavender.
Remember five seconds ago when you guys were stoked about me changing because it made you feel superior?
Oh, whole family is here.
Who's that redhead?
Wouldn't mind spraying heroin with a golden shell.
Oh my god, what? Hey!
Okay, that's it.
Jerry, please think about this.
If you fight this guy, I'm either an asshole for not helping or an asshole for helping.
My daughter just got spoken of in porno terms, and I'll respond how I choose.
Wait, dad, don't!
Hey.
I'm on a piece of piss.
If that's your stupid, rude way of saying I have to fight you, I will.
Take your shot, pussy.
Don't talk to me that way.
Go away.
Make me.
Go away!
Careful, honey.
Just stay down.
I don't even know you.
Yeah, you don't know me, but I'm gonna know your whole ass, you son of a gun.
Hey, none of that.
Hang it up, guys.
Come on, you dirty motherfucker.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Stop!
Uncle Murthy, Murthy, stop!
I give up!
Apologize to my daughter.
For what?
You know for what?
For the love of God.
I don't want to be a son of a bitch.
Apologize to my daughter.
For what?
You know for what?
Sorry.
Sorry I sexualized you.
You came out wrong.
That's my dad.
That's my fucking dad.
Honey, I'm so proud of you.
Oh, sorry.
Thank you, Rick.
Damn, hashtag Flamingo Dad is everywhere.
He's made an odd numbered list of other people's observations about you
and you're getting a lot of hand clap emojis on white Twitter's impression of black Twitter.
Jezebel's offering a cash reward for evidence that you're a bad person.
That is their highest honor.
So this is what it's like to trend.
Feels good. Feels right.
Just keep in mind now a bunch more assholes are gonna know they can get a rise out of you.
Boo!
Rick, let a dog have one day?
I'm letting, I'm letting.
Whoa, are those orbs?
This is what I'm talking about.
Some asshole saw that fight and believe it or not they were jealous of Pismaster.
I am Brad Norr, the Eternal.
We seek the Earthling who beat up Pismaster.
That's my dad, Jerry Smith.
Jerry Smith, our galactic orb ship thirsts for justice and those who deliver it.
Wait, what?
Our Grey Council would like to offer you this silver orb and with it a place amongst us.
Wow, it, it, it's sticky.
Yeah, that means it's found a pure heart it wants to bond with.
You guys saw my son-in-law on the news now he gets a sticky orb.
But what's the catch? We're not rubes.
Yeah, your power is well known in our jurisdiction Rick Sanchez and it should come as no surprise that our orbs are unsticky for you.
Oh no, first I get banned from the next door app, now this.
I'd be honored to join your organization.
So, so what do I do, rub the orb when I see crime or, or eat the orb like spinach?
The orb is raw power.
Power. Trust your heart, Jerry. It will know what to do.
Did you turn on the microwave?
No, maybe I, I was trying to fly.
What?
I mean, come on Rick. Orbs and goblets, this is your thing.
Orbs and goblets.
I'm just saying, you're the orb guy in the family. Can you please help me?
Jerry, I give you raw power, you'll end up miserable like me. Trust me, I'm helping by not helping.
Seriously, Rick?
What the eff, grandpa? Some creep tried to pee on my tits and you did nothing.
Now you're going to sit there and hold our dad by for being a hero? Are you seriously that petty?
Okay, you know what? Fine. Here, here's your goddamn suit. I hardwired the orbs' infinite energy right into it.
This shooty thing looks cool.
That shooty thing is a nuclear disruptor that can blow up planets.
Whoa.
So, it's a hot.
Okay, show me, uh, acts of evil happening around the galaxy.
Whoa, space hitlers? Space hitlers are convening on Zepplar Prime.
My God, each one of them is their own type of Hitler.
Oh, shit, that's a problem.
Oh, you guys.
That's my parents.
Wow.
Well, family, looks like Jerry Smith has his first orb mission.
Lawn Flaming, ho!
Just a reminder, you guys asked for this.
Soon, our Legion of Hitlers will bring about a new galactic order.
I like, if you will.
Little Hitler, leave this.
I'm sorry, are we just letting in all Hitlers now?
I'll be the same, bad guys.
Exterminate him!
Oh, shit, oh, Jesus, what an attire!
Oh, my God!
Uh, hope there weren't other people on that planet.
And there were no other people on the planet, only Hitlers.
Each one ready to start their own holocaust,
meaning an estimated 30 billion lives were saved by a single blast.
And the galaxy owes it all to Jerry Smith.
Hashtag Flamingo Dad.
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
Up next, oh, actually nothing.
I guess we're just gonna talk about Jerry Smith some more.
I don't know, therapy is starting to feel hopeless.
I've got so many issues.
We need to talk.
Hey, no.
I will not speak with you if you refuse to treat me and my patients with respect.
Oh, Lord, that was a fly!
So unburdened.
So free of shame.
I'm officially cured.
Here, here's your data.
Hard proof that God hates me.
I ignored a troll and Jerry beat the guy's ass.
Now he's got this orb and he's using the power,
which I gave him to annihilate planets of Hitlers
and everyone's popping champagne.
Rick, you came here because you wanted things to change,
and they're changing.
It's working.
Oh, so if my bumbling moron of a Sun and Law beats up people, it's working.
But if I do it, it's a cosmic abuse of power?
Rick, listen to yourself.
You're complaining about how you have to be careful with your immense power
and that Hitlers are dead.
Everything you're describing is positive.
Oh, shit.
Not reacting.
That really is the kill move?
I don't know if you need to think about it in terms of murder, but yes, just stay the course.
Okay, good talk.
Well, what you're describing is therapy,
and if you'd like to keep receiving it, start scheduling your visits with Judy Upfront.
Thank you.
Thank you, Flamingo Fam.
You know when they asked me if I wanted to be the first human to drive a Mitsubishi space-lancer,
I thought, well, I don't know.
I got this cool orb suit that goes really fast, but you know what sold me?
The council said I could pick my own bridge crew.
Morty, Summer, Beth, what do you say?
What?
Are you serious?
Oh, shit.
Yeah, I love Mitsubishi.
Me too.
I'm pretty sure.
It's so exciting.
Oh, my God, this is so cool.
All right, gang.
Orbs away.
Oh, me?
Oh, my.
Can it be?
A giant piece of shit, I see?
I am Mr. Stringbean.
No one resists my rhyming scheme.
Hey, douchebag, why don't you chill out?
Who's this asshole?
I am Dr. Buckles, here to tighten the belt on your opinions.
Oh, you want to see the bean, get mean?
Oh, be jammed.
I'm out.
Oh, my God, this piss guy is getting blailed on.
Oh, look at him.
He tried to crawl under the car.
Loser.
Hey, you watching the Piss Master video?
Yeah.
You seem to be the biggest piece of shit in the galaxy, right?
Oh, without a doubt.
Who could relate being that much of a piece of shit?
God damn it.
Fuck, shit.
Come on, man.
Fuck, come on.
Where is it?
Shit, shit.
Fuck.
Come on, piss master.
Come on.
What?
Damn it.
It's me.
Please, please just open up.
Dad, mom told me you weren't responding to her calls, and I'm worried, okay?
I know I said terrible things about you on my podcast.
It's just, I've been so frustrated with you.
Look, if you were to ever do something, I'd never stop blaming myself.
Just please, please let me know you're okay.
God damn it.
I'm okay, honey.
We're good.
I thought something happened to you.
I can tell you for sure.
If anything happens to me, it's 100% not on you.
It's my own choice.
You still sound like you're gonna do something bad.
Just promise you won't, okay?
Okay, yeah, promise.
Love you, dad.
Ah, fuck.
Well, this is it.
I'm killing myself because of Jerry Smith, the Earthman, Flamingo Dad.
Seeing them all cheer as I got my ass whipped made me realize
people just want to see me fail.
All I've ever wanted to do is prove them wrong.
Help!
Wait! Who are you?
Pissmaster. Make sure you tell everybody Pissmaster saved you.
Those were heat-seeking pistols, by the way, not just missiles.
Oh, okay.
Y'all ready for piss?
Yo, Pissmaster, you saving that cat to make people forget you suck?
Nope, you're just saving it to save it.
Okay, we got nothing.
Piss!
P!
Cure it!
Number one!
P!
Piss!
Look, it's Pissmaster!
Dr. Wong, what's up?
Rick, you're late for your session.
Cancel it, Billmey. I'm good.
You're good?
Yeah, see, I put on the suit of my enemy and I fucking love it.
Now I'm gonna make a giant bomb, plant it in a city,
and then have the suit autopilot to bomb into space.
Boom! Everyone will think Pissmaster sacrificed himself.
We die as a hero, I get a win.
I'd otherwise never get myself a nice wet bow on top.
I'm tempted to second-guess a lot of that,
but I think you might be nailing it.
What?
If it's free and fun, do it. It sounds healthy.
Oh, that wasn't my goal, but good to know.
Shit, gotta go.
Now, exactly, in the slave-planet thing,
I hear he broke their chains with pure urine, so...
Hey, guys, sorry I'm late. A lot of traffic on the orbway.
Take a seat, Jerry.
We were just discussing Pissmaster's honorable rise.
I mean, who cares, right?
Uh, people are talking about him.
He's becoming likable, good, even.
But he's Pissmaster.
People change, Jerry. Everyone loves a comeback story.
Oh, everyone's all in favor of offering orb ship
to Eugene Michael Piss, a.k.a. Pissmaster.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Orp-yes.
All those opposed.
Obviously, orb-no.
The orb ship has spoken.
You know what, Jerry?
I think this is a good test for you.
If you can't let go of your pettiness enough to recruit Pissmaster,
maybe you don't deserve your orb.
And Jerry, don't come back without him.
Absolute chaos.
No one knows who planted the bomb, but one thing is clear.
Orphan Island, a city populated entirely
by orphans, now sits on the brink of doom.
The Orphan Island bomb squad is trying to dismantle it
as we speak.
I can't stress enough.
I'm eight years old.
I have no idea what I'm doing.
Look! It's Pissmaster!
Oh, no. There's no time to dismantle it.
Come on. It's not safe here.
Woo-hoo-hoo!
Piss-pop, Piss-pop, Piss-pop.
Pissmaster?
Jerry, what are you doing here?
Ah, Eugene Michael Piss.
By decree of the Andromeda Strain,
our great council presents you with this orb
which you have to take.
Fuck off, Jerry. I'm in the middle of something.
Excuse me? If this is the greatest honor you could ever be given.
I don't want it!
You have to take it! Jesus Christ, get the fuck out of here!
He's flying it into space.
He's gonna sacrifice himself.
Get back here, you ungrateful sin!
What is your problem? You're screwing up my hero dad!
Good!
If you don't want us to blow up,
why did he become a shit-heel?
Life comes at you fast.
Jesus, dad, people are filming it.
Yeah, maybe dial it back.
Rick!
Piss-toot, autopilot to payload.
Conferred.
That's my fucking dad.
Jerry, are you okay?
Your father is the fucking piss master.
Grandpa? What the hell?
Jerry, what is this?
People are saying you turned shit-heel.
Well, apparently my father-in-law is piss master,
so why didn't you ask him?
What the... Rick Sanchez?
The piss master? Okay, this is not a good look.
This family man.
Look, I don't know what kind of weird shit
you two are pulling, but it's completely unstickworthy.
We're done here.
But I didn't know! I'm a good guy.
I-I-I made you all famous!
I'm a thousand years old.
You know how many flamingo dads I've seen.
Don't orb us.
I don't get it. You...
You were piss master the whole time?
Obviously not, Jerry.
I put the suit on once piss master killed...
When-when you made him...
Um...
Yeah, I've always been piss master.
But that would mean you let my dad be you up
just so he could, like, feel more confident?
Wow.
Damn, Rick! Yeah, that's amazing.
Hold on. Everyone's just accepting this?
Wait, wasn't piss master an alien?
Probably a robot. Yeah, obviously. I've heard it.
But why? Why would Rick even prop me up like that?
Jesus, Jerry, Rick did something nice for once, okay?
He's obviously trying to change.
You are no longer worthy of it, Sobishi.
Proud of you, Dad. Or should I say...
piss master?
Yeah, Grandpa, sorry I yelled at you.
And I guess I'm sorry for trying to
stop you from killing yourself with a nuclear bomb.
I just...
really like having an orb.
Don't sweat it, Jerry. Piss under the bridge.
Man, I guess the therapy worked, huh?
Opening up, doing all that just to make my dad feel good?
That's pretty great of you, Rick.
Yeah, that's right, Morty.
That's right. Wait, Morty, you have to promise
not to tell anyone, but your dad made piss master kill himself.
Oh, man, what?
Yeah, I mean, I found him dead and I put on his suit.
But look at this. He literally blames your dad.
Holy shit.
Wait, you kept the suicide note?
That's so messed up!
I mean, I had to tell someone, Morty.
I couldn't just sit on that. And you expect me to?
What are you doing?
What the hell? He killed himself?
He did this, Dad. He should have told us,
especially if Jerry murdered him.
Don't say that. I didn't...
I thought it was pretty cool that I withheld that information.
But you didn't withhold it. You're walking around with the note.
Yeah, Grandpa, you gotta like keep it in your heart as a great sacrifice.
That's the cool move.
I mean, hell am I the bad guy. He sprayed piss on us.
You all cheered me on.
Don't drag us into this dead, Dad.
Again, wasn't gonna say it, but I told you this would happen.
Get off your hide.
Go ahead and boo. I was breathing piss. You think I care?
Is this what it's like to trend? This is a nightmare.
I should have just let him pee on my daughter.
Ew, Will. What the hell, Dad?
Jack Miller, AKA Carl Jack.
He lifted the car off a stranger.
Next. Orb, no.
We're fresh off a dad in a piss guy.
Maybe we add someone that's already powerful.
We have to be realistic about who we can get.
I have a pitch.
We're not going to add Scarlett Johansson.
Next up, Mr. Nimbus,
Lord of the Oceans.
Oh, I hear he controls the police.
The police? Yes.
Guys, I already checked. His reps say he's really busy right now.
Everyone says that.
Oh, and we're not busy.
I did it!
Did you get any of that?